
Disclaimer: Written by Joshua and David. I had no part in this.

Character is afraid of something which stops him from doing it.
Character goes from town and passes by an inconspicuous door that will be of value later.
Character goes into field and finds a box.
Character opens box.
Forgotten but slowly remembers.
Inner demons flow out of X and they become real.
A door appears that he must go through but blocked be demons and can’t be reached.
Runs off to town.
Demon of forgetfulness and corners character.
Taken away by demon while knocked out.
Wakes up in field.
Wanders around and finds stuff that character has never seen as they were spawned by character’s imagination.
Dungeons.
Finds a cave and fights giant spider as fear of spiders.
Boss of the fear of heights as cloud maybe in sky biome.
Fights a boss of the fear of fire as fire devil thing in underworld type thing.
Fights a boss of the fear of love as a harpy/cupid in a chocolate/flowery/lovey dovey setting.
Fights a boss of isolation in a prison type thing and have like no mobs but like traps or w/e that are timing based.
Fights a boss of failure as a teacher in a school maybe that is maybe thinking based but with some enemies as bullies.
More themed bosses.
Each boss drops keys to access other fears and he goes to fight them to metaphorically “fight his fears.”
After each boss returns back to overworld and there are portals in the overworld that can only be accessed with the key.
Areas in differing levels of corruption.
Over time character sees shadow taking over and corrupting things more.
Goes into a shadowed area where things are harder things and look darker and sharper.
More things that represent his fear are there.
Killing bosses give him back some of his memory of what happened and how to fix the problem.
Character knows he must open the door and send the demons back.
Tries to return to door and things become more and more corrupted the closer he is.
Path is blocked by his fears and character cannot fight them all together.
When all bosses defeated you can go in door.
Opens door but nothing happens.
Character knows it’s the way to stop it.
Steps through the door and sees himself about to open the box.
Fights his past self and throws his old self through the portal.
Lives life older and wiser than before.
Does thing he couldn’t do before now that he has fought his fears.
